ATTACH query ignores the SELECT query on MV (#43363)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/create/view.md

A `SELECT` query can contain `DISTINCT`, `GROUP BY`, `ORDER BY`, `LIMIT`. Note that the corresponding conversions are performed independently on each block of inserted data. For example, if `GROUP BY` is set, data is aggregated during insertion, but only within a single packet of inserted data. The data won’t be further aggregated. The exception is when using an `ENGINE` that independently performs data aggregation, such as `SummingMergeTree`.

> The execution of [ALTER](../../../sql-reference/statements/alter/view.md) queries on materialized views has limitations, for example you could not update the `SELECT` query, so they might be inconvenient. If the materialized view uses the construction `TO [db.]name`, you can `DETACH` the view, run `ALTER` for the target table, and then `ATTACH` the previously detached (`DETACH`) view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The execution of [ALTER](/docs/en/sql-reference/statements/alter/view.md) queries on materialized views has limitations, for example, you can not update the `SELECT` query, so this might be inconvenient. If the materialized view uses the construction `TO [db.]name`, you can `DETACH` the view, run `ALTER` for the target table, and then `ATTACH` the previously detached (`DETACH`) view.
```

Reviewer: Links seem to be most reliable when using `/docs/en/` instead of `../../`
